README.md, before:

# COVID Companion

## Description

This is the final project for the UConn Coding Boot Camp.

A React application that...

## Table of Contents

- [Goals](#goals)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [File Structure ](#file-structure)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Presentation Requirements](#presentation-requirements)
- [Definitions](#definitions)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## Technologies Used

- Node
- React
- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- MongoDB Atlas
- Axios
- Amplify (aws)
- Tachyon
- Miro
- Heroku

## File Structure

### Component Hierarchy

- App
  - Container
  - NavBar
  - Footer
    - Home/About
      - Sign-In
      - Sign-Up (contains form)
    - Profile (Signed in home)
      - SearchBar
      - AvatarBio
      - Covid Info
      - (Covid Statistics - API)
      - Friend Circle
        - SingleFriend
      - ProfileFooter
        - AddToCircle
          - SearchBar (aka SearchFriend)
          - SearchedList
            - SearchedItem (aka single searched friend)
        - **EditProfile (page/button to sign-up form)**
        - ProfileHome (button to profile page/ sign-in home)
        - Sign-Out (button to home/about page)

### Buttons:

- Sign-In (Home-About)
  - Sign-In > (SignIn)
- Sign-Up (Home-About)
  - Continue > (sign-up form)
- Upload Image (AvatarBio)
- AddToCircle (ProfileFooter)
  - SearchFriends (AddToCircle)
  - AddFriend + (AddToCircle)
- EditProfile (ProfileFooter)
  - Save (EditProfile)
- ProfileHome (ProfileFooter)

### MVC Structure

```
.covid-companion
|
├── client
|    └── public
|         ├── favicon.ico
|         ├── index.html
|         ├── logo192.png
|         ├── logo512.png
|         ├── manifest.json
|         └── robots.txt
|    └── src
|        └── components
|               ├── AvatarBio.js
|               ├── CardBtn.js (+)
|               ├── Container.js
|               ├── **(ContinueBtn.js)**
|               ├── CovidInfo.js
|               ├── Footer.js
|               ├── FriendCard.js
|               ├── FriendCircle.js
|               ├── Navbar.js
|               ├── ProfileBtn.js (profile footer btns)
|               ├── Question.js
|               ├── SearchBar.js
|               ├── SearchResults.js
|               ├── **(SubmitBtn.js)**
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               └──
│        └── pages
|               ├──── Home-About.js
|               ├──── Profile.js
|               ├──── SignIn.js
|               ├──── SignUp.js
|               ├──── Questionnaire.js
|               └──── SearchFriends.js
|
|        ├── App.js
|        ├── index.js
|        └── index.css
|
├── backend
|       └── models
│           └── dbUsers.js
|       └──utils
|           └── API.js
│
├── node_modules
├── .gitignore
├── (.eslintignore)
├── .eslintrc.json
|
├── package.json
├── (package-lock.json)
|
├── server.js
│

```

### Presentation Requirements

![COVID-Companion](google drive link)

- Elevator pitch: a one minute description of your application

- Concept: What is your user story? What was your motivation for development?

- Process: What were the technologies used? How were tasks and roles broken down and assigned? What challenges did you encounter? What were your successes?

- Demo: Show your stuff!

- Directions for Future Development

- Links to to the deployed application and the GitHub repository. Use this guide for deploying your application to Heroku if you need a reminder on how to deploy!

## Installation

## Credits

- [Miro]()
- [Tachyon](http://tachyons.io/components/)
- [Who's at higher risk of serious symptoms](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-who-is-at-risk/art-20483301)
- [US COVID-19 Risk Level Based on Conditions](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2020/04/01/824874977/underlying-health-disparities-could-mean-coronavirus-hits-some-communities-harde)
- [Common immunodeficiency diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=common+immunodeficiency+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&sxsrf=ALeKk02FGsMH2pKumokGimguNMjzBtUKtQ%3A1617756260267&ei=ZABtYI7lD6WKggejspDwBw&oq=immunocompromised+conditions+list&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAEYBTIHCCMQsAMQJzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQsAMQQ1AAWABgjYoBaAFwAngAgAHhFIgB4RSSAQM5LTGYAQCqAQdnd3Mtd2l6yAEKwAEB&sclient=gws-wiz)
- [Chronic Respiratory Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=chronic+respiratory+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&sxsrf=ALeKk038PWoPm9zdjnsDmriiMwOHRUmyOw%3A1617754745451&ei=efpsYNKBG8G9ggfKjo-4CA&oq=chronic+respiratory+diseases&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAMyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAA6BwgjELADECc6BwgAEEcQsAM6BwgAELADEEM6BwgAELEDEEM6BAgAEEM6BwgAEIcCEBRQgIQBWMeSAWDpmgFoA3ACeACAAc8KiAGNEJIBBzYuMi43LTGYAQCgAQGqAQdnd3Mtd2l6yAEKwAEB&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=0ahUKEwiSor6H7urvAhXBnuAKHUrHA4cQ4dUDCA0&uact=5)
- [Cardiovascular Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=cardiovascular+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&oq=cardiovascular+diseases&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l2j0i20i263j0l3j0i20i263j0l2.3698j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
- [Chronic Renal Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=chronic+renal+diseiases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&oq=chronic+renal+diseiases&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i13j0i10i22i30l2j0i5i10i13i30j0i5i13i30j0i8i10i13i30j0i8i13i30l3.3775j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
- [Covid Pandemic Mortality Risk Estimator](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/covid-pandemic-mortality-risk-estimator)
- [How to Connect AWS Amplify with React Native Application](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-connect-aws-amplify-with-react-native-application-8t1p3twj)
- [Customizing the Built-in Sign-in and Sign-up Webpages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-app-ui-customization.html)
- [Customizing AWS Amplify Signin Page in React](https://medium.com/@kavyababu/customizing-aws-amplify-signin-page-in-react-94d95983d0c)

## Contributors

[Bruno Borges](https://github.com/BrunoBBorges)
[Ryan Curtin](https://github.com/rpc08002)
[Cris Franco](https://github.com/Cris-Franco)
[Julie Ann Iwinski](https://github.com/JulieAnnI)
[Pete Izzo](https://github.com/peter-izzo)
[Danny Smooke](https://github.com/dsmooke)

Special thanks to [Chris Bonafacio](https://github.com/chrisbonifacio) and [Nathan Sartain](https://github.com/NatePad) for helping with AWS Amplify and authentication.

## License

[MIT](MITLicense.txt)

---

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Added more info to README

README.md, after:

# COVID Companion

## Description

This is the final project for the UConn Coding Boot Camp.

Covid Companion is an an app that uses React, MongoDB, and AWS Amplify to share the most accurate information about each user and lets you share  the details of your Covid status . Each profile displays whether or not that person is Covid positive or negative, whether or not they’re  in  quarantine and,  if so, how long they’ve been in quarantine, whether or not they’ve been tested and, if so, the date of their last test, whether or not they’ve been vaccinated and, if so, which vaccine, and their exposure risk level based on a preexisting condition.

## Table of Contents

- [Goals](#goals)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [File Structure ](#file-structure)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Presentation Requirements](#presentation-requirements)
- [Definitions](#definitions)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
Visit our deployed application on Heroku (here)[https://covid-companion21.herokuapp.com/]
If you would like to view the app locally following these steps:
1. Fork this repo
2. Download the repo to your local machine
3. Cd into the folder containing the repo on your local machine
4. Run command "npm install"
5. Run command "npm start" to start app

## Usage

GIVEN I am an unregistered user and I am on the sign-up page
WHEN I create an a new account 
THEN I enter my personal information and answer COVID related questions and click create account.

GIVEN I am a registered user and I am on the sign-in page
WHEN I fill in the Username and Password with my valid account info and click the Sign-In button
THEN the system signs me in and I am taken to my profile page.

GIVEN I am a registered user who wants to update their Covid status
WHEN I click the update button 
THEN  I am taken to the questionnaire  and update my information.
WHEN I click “Submit”
THEN I am redirected to my profile  where my updated information is displayed.




## Technologies Used

- Node
- React
- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- MongoDB Atlas
- Axios
- Amplify (aws)
- Tachyon
- Miro
- Heroku

## File Structure

### Component Hierarchy

- App
  - Container
  - NavBar
  - Footer
    - Home/About
      - Sign-In
      - Sign-Up (contains form)
    - Profile (Signed in home)
      - SearchBar
      - AvatarBio
      - Covid Info
      - (Covid Statistics - API)
      - Friend Circle
        - SingleFriend
      - ProfileFooter
        - AddToCircle
          - SearchBar (aka SearchFriend)
          - SearchedList
            - SearchedItem (aka single searched friend)
        - **EditProfile (page/button to sign-up form)**
        - ProfileHome (button to profile page/ sign-in home)
        - Sign-Out (button to home/about page)

### Buttons:

- Sign-In (Home-About)
  - Sign-In > (SignIn)
- Sign-Up (Home-About)
  - Continue > (sign-up form)
- Upload Image (AvatarBio)
- AddToCircle (ProfileFooter)
  - SearchFriends (AddToCircle)
  - AddFriend + (AddToCircle)
- EditProfile (ProfileFooter)
  - Save (EditProfile)
- ProfileHome (ProfileFooter)

### MVC Structure

```
.covid-companion
|
├── client
|    └── public
|         ├── favicon.ico
|         ├── index.html
|         ├── logo192.png
|         ├── logo512.png
|         ├── manifest.json
|         └── robots.txt
|    └── src
|        └── components
|               ├── AvatarBio.js
|               ├── CardBtn.js (+)
|               ├── Container.js
|               ├── **(ContinueBtn.js)**
|               ├── CovidInfo.js
|               ├── Footer.js
|               ├── FriendCard.js
|               ├── FriendCircle.js
|               ├── Navbar.js
|               ├── ProfileBtn.js (profile footer btns)
|               ├── Question.js
|               ├── SearchBar.js
|               ├── SearchResults.js
|               ├── **(SubmitBtn.js)**
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               ├──
|               └──
│        └── pages
|               ├──── Home-About.js
|               ├──── Profile.js
|               ├──── SignIn.js
|               ├──── SignUp.js
|               ├──── Questionnaire.js
|               └──── SearchFriends.js
|
|        ├── App.js
|        ├── index.js
|        └── index.css
|
├── backend
|       └── models
│           └── dbUsers.js
|       └──utils
|           └── API.js
│
├── node_modules
├── .gitignore
├── (.eslintignore)
├── .eslintrc.json
|
├── package.json
├── (package-lock.json)
|
├── server.js
│

```

### Presentation Requirements

[COVID-Companion](google drive link)

- Elevator pitch: a one minute description of your application

- Concept: What is your user story? What was your motivation for development?

- Process: What were the technologies used? How were tasks and roles broken down and assigned? What challenges did you encounter? What were your successes?

- Demo: Show your stuff!

- Directions for Future Development

- Links to to the deployed application and the GitHub repository. Use this guide for deploying your application to Heroku if you need a reminder on how to deploy!

## Installation

## Credits

- [Miro]()
- [Tachyon](http://tachyons.io/components/)
- [Who's at higher risk of serious symptoms](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-who-is-at-risk/art-20483301)
- [US COVID-19 Risk Level Based on Conditions](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2020/04/01/824874977/underlying-health-disparities-could-mean-coronavirus-hits-some-communities-harde)
- [Common immunodeficiency diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=common+immunodeficiency+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&sxsrf=ALeKk02FGsMH2pKumokGimguNMjzBtUKtQ%3A1617756260267&ei=ZABtYI7lD6WKggejspDwBw&oq=immunocompromised+conditions+list&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAEYBTIHCCMQsAMQJzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQsAMQQ1AAWABgjYoBaAFwAngAgAHhFIgB4RSSAQM5LTGYAQCqAQdnd3Mtd2l6yAEKwAEB&sclient=gws-wiz)
- [Chronic Respiratory Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=chronic+respiratory+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&sxsrf=ALeKk038PWoPm9zdjnsDmriiMwOHRUmyOw%3A1617754745451&ei=efpsYNKBG8G9ggfKjo-4CA&oq=chronic+respiratory+diseases&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAMyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAA6BwgjELADECc6BwgAEEcQsAM6BwgAELADEEM6BwgAELEDEEM6BAgAEEM6BwgAEIcCEBRQgIQBWMeSAWDpmgFoA3ACeACAAc8KiAGNEJIBBzYuMi43LTGYAQCgAQGqAQdnd3Mtd2l6yAEKwAEB&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=0ahUKEwiSor6H7urvAhXBnuAKHUrHA4cQ4dUDCA0&uact=5)
- [Cardiovascular Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=cardiovascular+diseases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&oq=cardiovascular+diseases&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l2j0i20i263j0l3j0i20i263j0l2.3698j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
- [Chronic Renal Diseases](https://www.google.com/search?q=chronic+renal+diseiases&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS728US728&oq=chronic+renal+diseiases&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i13j0i10i22i30l2j0i5i10i13i30j0i5i13i30j0i8i10i13i30j0i8i13i30l3.3775j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
- [Covid Pandemic Mortality Risk Estimator](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/covid-pandemic-mortality-risk-estimator)
- [How to Connect AWS Amplify with React Native Application](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-connect-aws-amplify-with-react-native-application-8t1p3twj)
- [Customizing the Built-in Sign-in and Sign-up Webpages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-app-ui-customization.html)
- [Customizing AWS Amplify Signin Page in React](https://medium.com/@kavyababu/customizing-aws-amplify-signin-page-in-react-94d95983d0c)

## Contributors

[Bruno Borges](https://github.com/BrunoBBorges)
[Ryan Curtin](https://github.com/rpc08002)
[Cris Franco](https://github.com/Cris-Franco)
[Julie Ann Iwinski](https://github.com/JulieAnnI)
[Pete Izzo](https://github.com/peter-izzo)
[Danny Smooke](https://github.com/dsmooke)

Special thanks to [Chris Bonafacio](https://github.com/chrisbonifacio) and [Nathan Sartain](https://github.com/NatePad) for helping with AWS Amplify and authentication.

## License

[MIT](MITLicense.txt)

---

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
